Clarify private channel support for Slack job notifications (#9626)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/job-notifications.md

- You have a Slack workspace that you want to receive job notifications from.
- You must be a Slack Workspace Owner. 
- You must be an account admin to configure Slack notifications in <Constant name="dbt" />. For more details, refer to [Users and licenses](/docs/platform/manage-access/seats-and-users).

> - The **Notification channel** dropdown in the UI only lists _public_ channels. To send notifications to a private channel, configure it through the [Admin API](/docs/dbt-apis/admin-api) or the [dbt platform Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dbt-labs/dbtcloud/latest/docs) instead of the UI.

Author: ```suggestion
The integration only supports _public_ channels in the Slack workspace at this moment.
```

- A <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> account admin must link the Slack app at the account level.
- Install the official <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> Slack app using the [steps outlined in the next section](#set-up-the-slack-integration-1).
- To install the Slack app to a workspace, your Slack org must permit app installations. In some orgs this requires a Slack admin approval.

> - The **Notification channel** dropdown in the UI only lists _public_ channels. To send notifications to a private channel, configure it through the [Admin API](/docs/dbt-apis/admin-api) or the [dbt platform Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dbt-labs/dbtcloud/latest/docs) instead of the UI.

Author: ```suggestion
- The **Notification channel** dropdown in the UI only lists _public_ channels. To send notifications to a private channel, configure it through the [Admin API](https://docs.getdbt.com/dbt-cloud/api-v2?version=2.0&name=Fusion#/operations/List%20Notifications) or the [dbt platform Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dbt-labs/dbtcloud/latest/docs) instead of the UI.
```

- A <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> account admin must link the Slack app at the account level.
- Install the official <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> Slack app using the [steps outlined in the next section](#set-up-the-slack-integration-1).
- To install the Slack app to a workspace, your Slack org must permit app installations. In some orgs this requires a Slack admin approval.

> - The **Notification channel** dropdown in the UI only lists _public_ channels. To send notifications to a private channel, configure it through the [Admin API](https://docs.getdbt.com/dbt-cloud/api-v2?version=2.0&name=Fusion#/operations/List%20Notifications) or the [dbt platform Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dbt-labs/dbtcloud/latest/docs) instead of the UI.

Author: ```suggestion
- The integration only supports _public_ channels in the Slack workspace at this moment.
```

Before migrating, you must unlink the legacy Slack integration and link the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> app. Unlinking the legacy integration is a manual step, and only one Slack app can be linked at a time.

> The <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> Slack app delivers notifications to any channel &mdash; public or private &mdash; configured in your notification settings, including channels that were set up through the [Admin API](/docs/dbt-apis/admin-api) or Terraform rather than the UI. For a private channel, notifications aren't delivered until you invite the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> app to that channel; you can invite the app before or after migrating, and delivery picks up as soon as the invite is accepted.

Author: ```suggestion
The <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> Slack app delivers notifications to any channel &mdash; public or private &mdash; configured in your notification settings, including channels that were set up through the [Admin API](https://docs.getdbt.com/dbt-cloud/api-v2?version=2.0&name=Fusion#/operations/List%20Notifications) or Terraform rather than the UI. For a private channel, notifications aren't delivered until you invite the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> app to that channel; you can invite the app before or after migrating, and delivery picks up as soon as the invite is accepted.
```

Before migrating, you must unlink the legacy Slack integration and link the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> app. Unlinking the legacy integration is a manual step, and only one Slack app can be linked at a time.

> The <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> Slack app delivers notifications to any channel &mdash; public or private &mdash; configured in your notification settings, including channels that were set up through the [Admin API](https://docs.getdbt.com/dbt-cloud/api-v2?version=2.0&name=Fusion#/operations/List%20Notifications) or Terraform rather than the UI. For a private channel, notifications aren't delivered until you invite the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> app to that channel; you can invite the app before or after migrating, and delivery picks up as soon as the invite is accepted.

Author: ```suggestion
The <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> Slack app sends job notifications to _public_ only channels in your workspace. Private channels aren't supported.
```
